docs(deploy): add Cloudflare Pages route matching (#1461)
nuxt/nuxt.com: content/3.deploy/cloudflare.md

To statically generate your website, set the build command to: `nuxt generate`

### Route matching

> For statically generated sites use the nitro option `autoSubfolderIndex` to adapt Cloudflare [route matching](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/serving-pages/#route-matching) rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On CloudFlare Pages, if an HTML file is found with a matching path to the current route requested, it will serve it. It will also redirect HTML pages to their extension-less counterparts: for instance, `/contact.html` will be redirected to `/contact`, and `/about/index.html` will be redirected to `/about/`.

To match Cloudflare [route matching](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/serving-pages/#route-matching) rules, set the nitro option `autoSubfolderIndex` to `false`.
```

To statically generate your website, set the build command to: `nuxt generate`

### Route matching

On CloudFlare Pages, if an HTML file is found with a matching path to the current route requested, it will serve it. It will also redirect HTML pages to their extension-less counterparts: for instance, `/contact.html` will be redirected to `/contact`, and `/about/index.html` will be redirected to `/about/`.

To match Cloudflare [route matching](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/configuration/serving-pages/#route-matching) rules, set the nitro option `autoSubfolderIndex` to `false`.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]

> export default defineNuxtConfig({
>   nitro: {
>     prerender: {
>       autoSubfolderIndex: false
>     }
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  nitro: {
    prerender: {
      autoSubfolderIndex: false
    }
  }
})
```
